simpleXRPL docs (#224)
ripple/opensource.ripple.com: docs/simpleXRPL/references/connectors/ripple-custody.md

---
seo:
    description: RippleCustody is simpleXRPL's production connector for Ripple Custody — construction options and required fields for create() and fromEnv().
labels:
  - simpleXRPL
  - SDK
---

# Ripple Custody

> [Source](https://github.com/ripple/simpleXRPL/blob/50619258cf753008e8a185eaeb3ceca489e5998a/src/custodians/ripple/construction.ts#L30)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[Source]](https://github.com/ripple/simpleXRPL/blob/50619258cf753008e8a185eaeb3ceca489e5998a/src/custodians/ripple/construction.ts#L30)
```

| `defaultTimeoutMs` | `number` | No | How long `submitAndWait` polls before throwing `IntentPendingError`. |
| `http` | `object` | No | Advanced: a custom HTTP transport (implements `CustodyHttpPort`). Defaults to the production fetch port; most callers omit it. |

## RippleCustody.fromEnv()

Reads the endpoints, credentials, and domain from environment variables.

### Signature

```ts
RippleCustody.fromEnv(options: RippleCustodyFromEnvOptions): Promise<RippleCustody>
```

### Options

| Field | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `primary` | `string` | Yes | The primary account's r-address; validated against the discovered set. |
| `allowRawSigning` | `boolean` | No | Enable the raw-signing fallback. Defaults to `false`. |
| `defaultFee` | `object` | No | Fee tier: `{ priority?: 'low' \| 'medium' \| 'high' }`. Backends that can't honor the tier auto-price and warn. Defaults to `low`. |
| `defaultDryRun` | `boolean` | No | Pre-flight every write through Custody's dry-run. Defaults to `false`. |
| `defaultTimeoutMs` | `number` | No | How long `submitAndWait` polls before throwing `IntentPendingError`. |

> | `env` | `object` | No | The object those variables are read from — a map of names to values. Defaults to `process.env`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `env` | `object` | No | The source the `RIPPLE_CUSTODY_*` environment variables are read from, as a map of names to values. Defaults to `process.env`. |
```

> | `http` | `object` | No | Advanced: a custom HTTP transport (implements `CustodyHttpPort`). Defaults to the production fetch port; most callers omit it. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `http` | `object` | No | A custom HTTP transport (implements `CustodyHttpPort`). Defaults to the production fetch port; most callers omit it. |
```
